Add details to hackathon main page (#18)
MDAnalysis/UGM2023: hackathon/README.md

where you want some help or start building something amazing with a
few like-minded hackers!

**Discord server**: The [#hackathon][hackathon-channel] channel on the 
[MDAnalysis Discord server][discord] is available for any questions, 
sharing of ideas and discussion in the lead up to 
the hackathon, during and after.

* **Date**: Friday 29 September, 2023

> * **Time**: 10:00 -- 15:00 (WEST)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Check-in and registration**: 09:30 -- 10:00 (WEST)
* **Time**: 10:00 -- 15:00 (WEST)
```

Reviewer: Just for skim readers who might see this and think "ah cool I'll show up at 10 on the dot"

* **Location**: [SANA Metropolitan
  Hotel](https://www.sanahotels.com/en/hotel/sana-metropolitan/)
  Madrid Room. 
  
  Address: R. Soeiro Pereira Gomes 2, 1600-198 Lisbon, PT

> * **Contact**: @fiona-naughton (Fiona Naughton)

Reviewer 2: What is the purpose of this contact handle? I.e. should it be discord or GitHub, should it be more than one person, etc?

Reviewer 2: You resolved this issue - sorry to bring it back up, but it still seems really unclear to me as to what contact means and at the very least what platform

Reviewer 2: Ah sorry looks like it's now gone but gh mobile is acting up!

  
## Schedule 

| time (WEST)   | what's happening?                |  location   |
|---------------|----------------------------------|-------------|
| 9:30 - 10:00  | Registration                     |             |
| 10:00 - 10:30 | Introduction and team gathering  | Madrid room |
| 10:30 - 12:00 | Hackathon                        | Madrid room |

> | 12:00 - 13:00 | Lunch                            |             |

Reviewer 2: Lunch is "sort it yourself" right?

Author: That's my understanding, too; it's probably worth making that clear here, but wanted to double check before I added anything

Reviewer 2: Current agreement is "get your own lunch" - see business list

     to review or comment - and in turn, review and comment on your
     teammates' progress. Eventually, these PRs can be merged to
     combine everyone's work into a greater whole.
     
 - Update progress on the associated UGM issue (if one doesn't exist
   yet, make one now) to let other attendees and the MDAnalysis team
   know how you're going!
 - Continue to use the [#hackathon][hackathon-channel] discord channel
   for any broader discussion, and remember the MDAnalysis team is
   on hand to help you out!
 - Hack away, make new friends, build something awesome - and have fun!

#### Showcase
At the end of the session, we will be holding a brief showcase to allow
those who wish to share the work they achieved over the hackathon. 

This could be advertising a new feature you created or showing off a 
bug fix you're particularly proud of; and need not be a "finished" 
product - you can talk about what you got done, what future plans 
are, and if there's still help wanted.

If you do wish to share, add a slide for you/your team to the 
shared presentation (*link TBA*) - a template will be provided. 
Depending how many wish to present, time may be short, so have 

> an elevator pitch summary for your work ready!

Author: Details here are still vague; open to suggestions/comments. It would be nice to get an end-of-hackathon report from each group; hopefully this is a reasonable compromise between allowing attendees to say what they did without taking up too much of the limited time or being to logistically infeasible

Reviewer 2: Yeah a 2 mins pitch slide sounds good to me.

Reviewer: LGTM!

### After the hackathon
It's very possible that you won't "finish" a project within the 
timelimit of the hackathon - and that's ok! Stay in contact with your
team on GitHub or Discord - we strongly encourage you to keep working 

> on your project, so your hard work doesn't go to waste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on your project.
```

Just a subjective and mild opinion here, but "waste" part feels a little negative in tone and I think could be removed.

No code project is ever truly "finished", and we hope that you'll 
stick around - whether this is maintaining and improving your new 

> contribution, or finding others ways you can contribute the broader 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contribution, or finding other ways to contribute the broader 
```
